# Programming-with-Python

For this module’s assignment, you’ll use Python to import a comma-separated values (CSV) file that contains S&P 500 stock data from 2016 to 2020. This type of data is known as time series data. Time series data covers a set interval of time and is commonly used in finance and product development jobs. After importing the data, you’ll determine the day that had the greatest daily percentage change, the percentage change that occurred on that day, the high and low stock prices for that day, and the total volume of trading for that day.
The data for this activity was generated by using the GOOGLEFINANCE historical market data script.

Instructions
Open Stock_Changes_Unsolved.ipynb and use S&P_500_5yr_stock_data.csv to complete the following steps.


Import both the os and csv libraries into your notebook.


In your notebook, set a path for importing the CSV file by using os.path.join.


Open a connection to the CSV file, and then read it in by using the csv.DictReader class.


Create the printrow variable for saving the output row and the max_pct variable for saving the greatest daily percentage change.


Iterate through each row, calculating the daily percentage change. Be sure to round the percentage change to the nearest hundredth.
Note: Calculate the percentage change by using the following formula:
((Closing Price − Opening Price) ÷ Opening Price) × 100


While looping through each row, determine which day had the greatest absolute daily percentage change.
Note: Absolute values ignore positive or negative directions. For more information, refer to How to calculate absolute value in Python?
 by Tutorials Point.
Hint: Determine if the absolute daily percentage change is greater than the previous greatest percentage change. If it is greater, store the output row in the printrow variable and the greatest daily percentage change in the max_pct variable.


After looping through all the rows, print formatted strings with the following for the day with the greatest absolute percentage change: the date, the highest price, the lowest price, the volume, and the percentage change. Your output should resemble the following:
The day with the greatest daily percentage change was 03/13/2020. On that day, the stock changed 5.49%. The high of that day was 2711.33, and the low was 2492.37. The volume for that day was 5003636035.
